This is the day. We’re finally going to look for the paradise we’ve heard of. It feels a bit scary to leave the house, but I suppose our situation can’t get much worse than this so we’ll probably be fine. Olivia is certain the paradise exists somewhere out there. Charlotte keeps trying to tell her it might just be a story, but I don’t think anyone can convince her otherwise, not even her mother. I thought it could be helpful to write down what we experience. If we find the paradise, these notes would be able to help others find it too and if we die, well, at least it’ll make a good story so I guess it’s a win-win.
The first week has been okay. There is quite a lot of wildlife in the forest, which means Olivia has been able to hunt for us. The other day we found a strange symbol carved into a tree. It might be related to the paradise, but I’m not sure yet.
We met a strange man today. He was quite helpful though and showed us the best spot to pick medicinal herbs. Olivia asked him if he knew anything about the paradise and he said that he had heard the story, but he didn’t know where it was.
Olivia suggested that we travel along the main road for a while to be able to move faster. It went well until we met a gang of bandits. They attacked us with their axes and I was certain this would be the last day in my life, but we actually managed to defeat them! Charlotte grabbed the food they carried with them, and Olivia made sure we all had an axe in case something similar happens again.
We found a library today. It truly feels strange to see something so mundane in a world where everything has changed. I searched the shelves for books that could help us on our quest and I was really lucky this time. Someone had left a book with a collection of stories about the paradise, and according to pretty much all of them, it should be somewhere to the south of here. Charlotte left some supplies for people in need when she thought I wasn’t looking. She can be strict sometimes, but she truly has a good heart.
The weather has been against us for several days now. We haven’t been able to get anywhere in the rain, but it looks like it will be clearing up soon.
We’ve met a guy. His name is Rando. He was ecstatic when he found us, and ever since Olivia offered him a place in our party, he has done nothing but thank us. Apparently, he’s been alone for a long time. Charlotte clearly doesn’t trust him. She keeps telling me that we should abandon him before he betrays us. I understand what she’s saying, but I think he will be a good addition to the team. The more, the merrier.
We’ve finally come to the area I read about in the library. I feel hopeful that we’ll find something significant if we just keep looking. The paradise should be somewhere around here. Rando constantly offers his help (I think he worries that we’ll kick him out), and he is always cheerful. Charlotte keeps watching him in secret, but I think he fits in really well.
A two-headed fox attacked our camp in the middle of the night. It must have been able to smell our food. It almost had Olivia, but luckily, Rando managed to chop its heads off with one of our axes before she got seriously hurt. Even though Charlotte doesn’t like Rando, she has no choice but to be thankful to him now that he’s saved her daughter’s life.
We found another symbol yesterday. This time it was carved into a rock, but it looked pretty much the same as the one we found earlier. I hope it means we’re close to our goal. Olivia hasn’t been herself lately. She tries to put on a brave face, but she’s unusually tired, and she doesn’t eat that much. I tend to her wound from the two-headed fox every night, and I’m starting to get worried about it. It still hasn’t healed.
We haven’t been able to travel far since last time I wrote. Olivia barely has any strength left and has grown paler by the day. We are all worried about her, especially Charlotte, but she keeps brushing it off. Her wound is clearly infected, but nothing I’ve tried so far has any effect. If we don’t find something soon, I’m afraid I won’t be able to help her.
Olivia is gone. I feel so useless. I was the one who suggested we go look for the paradise and this is where it got us. Charlotte keeps telling me it’s not my fault, but I don’t know if I believe her.
Rando has told us stories about his old life as a forest ranger every night. I don’t know why, but it feels comforting to listen to him talk about life before this. I think Charlotte feels it too. We have decided to keep looking for the paradise, even though it hurts to keep going without Olivia.
We met a woman today who claims she has been to the paradise. She has offered to help us get there. We all agree that it’s worth the risk.
We’re here! We found the paradise! I can’t believe this day is finally here. There is a map drawn on the page and some coordinates written on the side.



